INSTALL
-------

You might need some experience with eggdrop to install the bot, but it
should not be too much ;)  If you experience any trouble feel free to
email me (moxon@meta-x.de).  And yes, my english is really bad :(


0. PREPARE an eggdrop

   Get and install a copy of eggdrop.  Read it's readmes to get
   familiar with it it you aren't.  Maybe you wish to increase NICKMAX
   in eggdrop.h if you compile yourself, such that users joining with
   nicks longer than the standard length of 9 will be recognized by
   the bot.  Depends on the net you wish to place the bot in.

   Though MoxQuizz once was developed for an eggdrop version 1.4.3, it
   requires at least eggdrop version 1.6.8 compiled with TCL 8.3.2 or
   later.  If you don't have those versions, please use the old
   version 0.7.3 of MoxQuizz.


1. PREPARE yourself

   Read the README.


2. Make sure you are PREPARED

   Give your best to understand the README.


3. UNPACK the distribution

   Just unpack MoxQuizz into a directory containing eggdrop.  There
   should then be a subdirectory called "moxquizz-...." and a link
   "moxquizz", containing all relevant files.


4. CONFIGURATION of MoxQuizz

   1. Eggdrop
   ----------
   You have to setup an eggdrop configuration file.  Getting eggdrop
   to run is the hardest part of the installation.  I provided a
   configuration file for eggdrops, almost ready to use:
   moxquizz.conf.  You only have to change some variables: change at
   least IRC server, channel bot admin, bot owner and the nick of your
   bot.  If you have perl installed on your system, you can use
   supplemental/setup.pl which does the setup for you.

   IF your shell is from a shell provider, you normally got some
   generated config from your provider.  In this case, simply
   add the following lines to it and restart/rehash your bot.

        source moxquizz/moxfun.tcl
        source moxquizz/moxquizz.tcl


   2. MoxQuizz
   -----------
   THEN you have to EDIT moxquizz.rc, where all the configuration for
   the quiz is done.  There is a single variable you want to change
   (but you have read README, so you already know which):

        quizchannel   

   IF you registered your bot with a nickserv, adjust $nickservpass,
   $nickservtext and $nickservmask in moxtools.tcl (look for "nickserv
   identification").  Make sure moxtools.tcl is loaded from your
   egdrop config file (source it alike moxfun.tcl above).  If not,
   forget about moxtools.


5. INITIALIZE the eggdrop user records

   Start with

        ./moxquizz.conf -m
   or
        eggdrop moxquizz.conf -m

   and identify yourself to the bot to become the master.


6. Restart without -m and give you at least the flags P and Q to be
   able to control the bot.

   To do this, you have to log into the partyline of the bot.  First
   set a password by:

        /msg <botnick> pass <your password>

   Then initiate a DCC CHAT with you bot and log in (either "/dcc chat
   <botnick>" or "/CTCP <botnick> CHAT".

   Inside the bot say:

	.chattr <yourhandle> +PQ

   to get the flags.


7. Finally, if you got that far, you are done.  Simply wait until you
   bot joins your channel, then say !ask there to start the quiz
   (can take some seconds, since eggdrop might need to set its
   message queues up).

   Optionally tell the bot to initialize (not needed, since all
   initialization is done automatically.  It just prints some startup
   message to the channel) by saying inside the partyline:

   .!init


8. Enjoy!  Report any trouble to moxon@meta-x.de.
